Add auth option for Tornjak (#259)
spiffe/helm-charts-hardened: examples/tornjak/keycloak/README.md

* [Keycloak Configuration for Tornjak](https://github.com/spiffe/tornjak/blob/main/docs/keycloak-configuration.md)
* [Detailed Blogs on Tornjak User Management](https://github.com/spiffe/tornjak/blob/main/docs/blogs.md)

**NOTE:** This example works only with the Vanilla version of Kubernetes; it does not yet support Openshift.

As part of the exercise, an instance of Keycloak is deployed to illustrate how to manage users' access to Tornjak.
Once enabled, the Tornjak UI will redirect all authentication calls to the Keycloak instance to obtain the
correct credentials. Authorization is based on these credentials and occurs at the Tornjak application level.

## Deploy Keycloak Instance (Authentication Service)

We will deploy the instance of Keycloak in the same namespace as the SPIRE Server

```shell
# Create a namespace to deploy Keycloak and SPIRE-server
kubectl create namespace spire-server
```

```shell
# Create a secret from the realm JSON file for Tornjak realm import
kubectl create secret generic realm-secret -n spire-server --from-file=examples/tornjak/keycloak/tornjak-realm.json

> ```

Reviewer: Instead of creating the realm with a secret along with a large realm dump,
you can do it in the chart itself, all in one step, with something like:
https://github.com/spiffe/helm-charts-hardened/blob/main/examples/keycloak-config-cli-using-spire/keycloak-values.yaml#L70-L134

Only need to add the users/clients that are new to the realm rather then the entire realm export. Should be able to save almost 2000 lines that way too.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion @kfox1111, yes we can probably simplify further. I will take a look.

Author: Done!

# Deploy Tornjak with Auth Enabled

> To install Spire with the least privileges possible we deploy spire across 2 namespaces.
> 
> - Install SPIRE CRDs and deploy SPIRE with Tornjak Enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Install SPIRE CRDs and deploy SPIRE with Tornjak Enabled

To install SPIRE with the least privileges possible we deploy it across 2 namespaces.

```

> ```shell
> # install SPIRE CRDs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install SPIRE CRDs
```shell
```

helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n spire-mgmt spire-crds charts/spire-crds

> 

Reviewer 2: ```

Reviewer 2: I think this interface is not allowing me to put the triple backticks here.

Author: added

> 

Reviewer 3: I suggest we first focus on installing the Keycloak and once this service is operational, and we know the values for `authServerURL`, either local or via ingress, we can put them into SPIRE with Tornjak configuration and deploy it

> # deploy SPIRE with Tornjak enabled and provide auth url to enable auth

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Deploy SPIRE with Tornjak enabled and provide auth URL to enable auth
```shell
```

helm upgrade --install \
--set global.spire.namespaces.create=true \
--values examples/production/values.yaml \
--values examples/production/example-your-values.yaml \
--values examples/tornjak/values.yaml \
--values examples/tornjak/values-auth.yaml \

> --render-subchart-notes spire charts/spire

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--render-subchart-notes spire charts/spire
```
```

Reviewer 2: I think this interface is not allowing me to put the triple backticks here.

> # test the Tornjak deployment
> helm test spire

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Test the Tornjak deployment
```shell
helm test spire
```

Author: added

```

> - Deploy Keycloak

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deploy Keycloak
```

> ```shell
> # create a secret from the realm json file for tornjak realm import

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a secret from the realm JSON file for Tornjak realm import
```shell
```

> kubectl create secret generic realm-secret -n spire-server --from-file=examples/tornjak/keycloak/tornjak-realm.json

Reviewer 2: Add triple backticks

> # deploy keycloak as an auth service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. deploy Keycloak as an auth service
```shell
```

helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n spire-server keycloak --values examples/tornjak/keycloak/values.yaml oci://registry-1.docker.io/bitnamicharts/keycloak --render-subchart-notes
```

## Access Tornjak

> To access Tornjak use port-forwarding or check the ingress option below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access Tornjak you can use port-forwarding or ingress
```

Run following commands from your shell, if you run with different values your namespace might differ. Consult the install notes printed when running above `helm upgrade` command in that case.

> Since `port-forward` is a blocking command, execute them in three different consoles (One for backend, one for frontend and one for auth):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since `port-forward` is a blocking command, execute them in three different consoles (one for backend, one for frontend, and one for auth):
```
